---
title: "2023-08-07:Try some new things"
description: I guess I need to  try some new things 
draft: false
language: en
date: 2023-08-07
updated: 2023-08-08
taxonomies:
  categories:
    - Journal
  tags:
    - Journal
---

It seems the life is repeat and again , it's time to try some new things
<!-- more -->
## Background
The story was stared at last night , a normal weekends ,after dinner. 
I planed to do some exercise after dinner. But I took a little long time to find the dinner and also took some time to enjoy my dinner .

It is too late to do exercise , actually it is 8:00 pm ,not too late , just an excuse that don't want to do exercise. 
My plan is running 8 kilometers, the last time I Run such long distance was the beginning of this month .
It is august , So I planned to running 8 kilometers for each time in this month.But only did one time ,today is the 7th . 
I have to say I was too busy at night these days . 

But for a weekend ,it is another story , should be a rest day I think.

On the way to home ,I thought I can change the time to running . Maybe in the morning .
I can get up early and then will have enough time to do exercise and also learning Japanese .

So decided to start a 5am project. The point is not just get up at 5am , 
but also for doing something at the beginning of the day. 
The time is owned by yourself at this moment, at least before I go to the office 
and open my computer. I can do something I like without an interrupt 
and can do it as planning.

This is the last night of my 5am project , I need get up early from tomorrow.
So I  watched a TV show before go to the bed .

The TV show is [晩酌の流儀](https://www.tv-tokyo.co.jp/banshaku2/), 
Miyuki Izawa, who works as a salesperson for a real estate company, 
always leaves work on time and is working hard every day to prepare for the best evening drink at the end of the day

I don't like drink ,just want to watch some Japanese TV shows , 
this story sounds interesting ,so watched the first episode.
It is beer for Miyuki's first  best evening drink.

The beer is [Kin-Mugi](https://www.suntory.co.jp/beer/kinmugi/products/),
Here is the introduction of this beer-lie beer . 
> Kin-Mugi is our flagship brand in the new "beer-like" beverage category.  Using Umami Malt, we craft Kin-Mugi with rich body and fragrant aroma. By extracting the savory components from the malt through our unique brewing method, Kin-Mugi delivers a full "umami" flavor up until the last drop.

Miyuki seems to enjoy the Kin-Mugi , and drink two cups . 
I suddenly want to drink this beer too, I want to try this .
I haven't found a good enough beer yet ,maybe this one will be different .

So I searched Kin-Mugi in some shopping site , a big surprise. 
The beer is very expensive, 329RMB half a dozen, and it is ships from Japan. 
I gave up on the idea of buying this beer, maybe I can drink it in some Japanese restaurant.

There is one restaurant sell Kin-Mugi ,but it is far from my hone.
Lucky me. just downstairs from my office. This was the beginning of today's story .

## Real Story
Every thing is as planing , I get up at 5:00 am and running 8 kilometers .
A litter tired ,But finished.
And for the dinner , I went to that restaurant downstairs from my office.

Not a lucky day , there are no Kin-Mugi, just asahi beer. 
I drink one cup , the taste seems like the other beer I have drunk.
Maybe I don't like beer and should give up to try any other beer. 

